thumm is nothing new they make these
adorable somehow fully functioning
Electronics like this portable display
and this little game console but what is
new is the thumm color and I got to say
right out of the gate I love this thing
I mean the design reminds me of what's
the one the G Game Gear right VA he
wants to correct me so bad it looks just
like the Game Boy Advance which okay uh
thumm Advance maybe would have been a
better name it doesn't matter the point
is it's got a brand new processor in
here this is the new Raspberry Pi RP
2350 processor it is clocked today
whopping 150 million Hertz with two
cores and has
520 kiloby of SRAM along with 16 million
bytes of storage which is just another
way of saying that it's yeah pretty
basic but oh my goodness look how tiny
and cute it is and there's a lot more
going on here that might not immediately
meet the eye for one thing USBC charging
man you got to love that you can't take
it for granted on Tiny devices because
the USBC Port does take up a bit more
space than a micro b there is apparently
a rumble motor in here we've got a B
d-pad functioning shoulder buttons as
well
as whatever that is and oh an onoff
switch
no way that actually looks really good
the display may be tiny but it's also
Mighty this is a 128 by 128 color
display and it comes pre-loaded with wow
look at these classic games we've got
four Connect not to be confused with
Connect 4 I mean that would be that
would be a trademark violation wait what
is
that listen at this I mean of course it
has a speaker but I just I don't know I
didn't really think about it it's so
small it uses a magnetic Buzz speaker
we'll get to playing games in a second
first I want to see the rest of the
games
chess
Monstra puzzle attack and sand wow
solitire wow son of moris how are there
so many games on here thumb atro the
sequel to thumbon I'm going to try some
of these in a minute but first I got to
tell you about our sponsor hem are you
tired of ugly shaky amateur-looking
phone videos that ruin your memories
well the I steady V3 is a compact gimbal
with a built-in tripod detachable remote
and a 205 mm extension rod for added
versatility its AI tracking and 3axis
stabilization keeps things in focus and
with the v3's upgraded fill light you
can get creative anytime anywhere so
whether you're a full-time blogger or
you just want some help capturing those
special moments pick up the I study V3
using our link below and make filming on
your phone a whole lot easier screen's
actually it's not anti glare or anything
but it's very usable now on the
production model the sound will be
adjustable but I'm apparently stuck with
whatever volume I get
so oh my gosh it's going so fast this
isn't like casual dude I would say that
I could be a little more accurate if I
could get a little closer to it is that
red I can't even tell I can't even see
come on no get in there I'm dead already
what the heck I mean In fairness to them
I guess if you've got like six games you
don't want them to be too easy
because then you're going to get tired
of them pretty quick but that was really
hard oh yeah sorry I'm supposed to talk
about buttonfield uh honestly about as
good as you would
expect like they're obviously micro
switches right you're only going to get
so much feel to them but it's usable
let's try a different style of game I
don't know what monra is but we're going
to play it we're going to play some
Monstra whoa what I'm Bart Simpson I'm
going to fight a
gorilla what the
what the heck just
happened oh no
no no I got him he's only got three
hearts left he's got nothing he's trash
monkey I got him I got him I
win that's it no award ceremony oh I
tamed the bear he's so cute look at his
big shiny eyes you know what's kind of
missing where's the little hang
Loop how am I supposed to keep this on
my keychain you know we never really got
the perspective shot actually this is
this is wild this is in a child's hands
look at
that standard AA
battery like
boom same length oh you can put other
games okay that's pretty cool so that
USBC ports not just charging that's also
data okay that's pretty sick by the way
they anticipate about 2 hours of
gameplay per charge which honestly so
far with these games seems like lots
Connect 4 you can play multiplayer
Connect 4 with two thumms sorry for
connect excuse me um can you play
multiplayer of the other games like what
about solitire can you play multiplayer
solitire boom got him oh my goodness
that is
wow
uhhuh wow that boy is that ever
something I don't know about soliter but
I do like the idea of being able to load
other games onto here oh I've been
playing all the and more
games maybe I should have tried the ones
that they actually highlight yeah it's
never you know it's never a good sign
when you're the and mo it's like our
special guest a name name and more and
your and more it's not yeah it's not
good okay son of
Morris whoa look at this go that's like
2D
Graphics okay I am throwing magazines
like they're flyers I guess I'm throwing
I'm throwing Flyers can I destroy a car
no I just have to dodge the car I think
whoa whoa I can fly all
right oh display density not that bad
size yeah could be a little bigger could
be a little bigger you know I think my
last question is how much is this thing
because if it's like 15 20 bucks then I
think there's a pretty compelling value
on offer here especially if we get a
library of like actual games 50 bucks
now get it you got a battery you got a
processor got some Ram got some buttons
and switches and display and all that I
get it
but cute product very cool idea
questionable to buy it subscribe to
Short
Circuit oh